You are not by Aunt Wang Yu
Is it locked in the warehouse?
Why are you still here?
I'll ask Chen Ning to help you try on the wedding dress.
Brother Jiang Yu, I want to do this myself
Why are you looking for him?
I'm afraid you're busy.
Isn't it a construction ring?
Bring it to me.
Here I am.
Hey, you sleep in such a dirty warehouse
I don't want you to touch my hand.
Then I'll put on a glove and put it on for you again.
Is that okay?
Change it.
I'll buy you any style you want.
This is what you said, Brother Xiaoyu
I really don't want to take my car for a while
I will arrange for bodyguards to send you and Guoguo
OK
Brother Jiang Yu, I'm tired
Let's go back
Mr. Zhang and Miss Deng both went in and out of the jewelry store
Is the marriage news true?